All right welcome back to the soy stuff frost to start working on the replies section.
All right cool.
Before we do that let's just fix it.
Fix this up a little bit here especially.
All right.
Let's go to our polls and it's
and we don't have to create it.
You could put the Dave one there guys it's up to you.
All right.
What I'm not going to do there right now.
I might.
I might do that later.
And
you will see it in the screen.
And you you would probably be like why in the world he just changed that.
There we go.
All right.
And we could just leave it actually pushes.
Do you guys just do it just for reference of the day that she's doing.
There we go.
Now you don't have to say oh my god he just do it now you know that I did it.
All right cool.
Created out of date.
That's OK.
All right cool.
Let's start with the replies.
So right now if we go to that individual post we see here that we have the comments right now those
comments
are not approved so we can't see them.
Now we see our next show one here.
Well now let's fix this and make it so that where we can see the actual comment.
All right before we walk on the reply so let's go to that post and here.
Actually we do have a condition here so
let me see
.
We will be nice to see this.
If we were logged in for some reason I don't have in mind it's not there.
So if you don't have this make sure that you only see this if you're logged in guys.
All right.
So I'm going to do that right now for some reason.
Now here I think I did it in the video.
If not do it with me right now.
So this check we're going to see this.
All right.
If the user is logged in does well if they are checked means.
So I think I did that and another video there but.
So we are able to see it because we are logged in.
So if we locked down of course we won't see that.
I thought I did this in an hour lecture.
But anyway so we have the comment right here so we could say something like
If comments and let's actually County
comment.
It's bigger than zero.
I want to show I want to see it.
All right.
So we can.
I thought I did this already.
I had recently a my computer crashing.
For some reason again this is the third time and I don't know what's going on.
I got to check it.
But anyway so let's go to our admin posts
and we are passing that way there.
I mean we're passing the comments the active comments so there let's go back to admen let's prove them
and let's refresh and you can see he's not there anymore.
Ok cool.
So just we're showing just the active comments.
I'm just double checking here.
I think you guys already have this material.
But in my case I don't.
All right.
If not there you have it now.
Cool.
All right.
So let's actually show the comment photo here if we can come in.
If we have any.
Let's see.
I think he's going to be too huge.
So let's make it.
Let's see what size is this
I think you said they are 64
so Height's 64 right.
I don't know if we have any picture there.
Let's go to Aardman and approve them.
Let's see if we don't get an error as we get a narrow undefined comment
because we don't have a loop.
All right this comments last comment
.
And for each There we go.
So let's check in now and see what's going on.
All right we don't have the picture.
Let's inspect then we probably don't have nothing in the database for that and I'm right with words
empty.
Maybe the database is 90 but our photo is well it is empty.
All right.
So when we send out comments for some reason the photo is not being sent is now being placed in the
database.
So we've got to find out why.
All right.
Cool let's go to our man Paul's comments controller.
Let's talk to the guy who's in charge.
And as you can see he's trying to get for the front and the user.
But these are those who have a photo.
Then they have a photo to take in.
So those comments are probably made by oh by Edwin.
So and then it has a picture.
Let's go back.
There's a picture and it should have been sent.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to comment all of this.
This is how wide the bog and all my courses I show you guys how I do it.
So that way you guys can also do it less return.
They use a photo.
I wish I had an instructor that will show me his mistakes guys when I was learning.
That way I could had taken a really big shortcut you know.
So as you can see the image is being sent.
So we're good there.
Let's take the file and send and see if we can get just that.
Let's go back and yes we can get the follow as well.
So what does that tell us.
That is not our functionality right here.
Our function is working.
Everything has been sent.
But this photo for some reason here is now being updated.
So a couple of things we've got to check our comment festivals and that's it.
There we go.
That's why I was sending it in.
All right.
Let's create a coming now.
Let's go to the polls and let's just say this thing.
Let's go back to the men comments and approve it.
Let's go back and refresh
.
There we go.
Now we get a picture.
Yea I'm going to leave this too here because they're just taking a lot of space.
All right.
So let's go to our post and this comment was made by some unbelievable guy
and his name was Arthur.
No that wasn't his name.
Guy.
Come on.
And this could be the creating
and we could put a little tiff for humans functionality here.
Right.
And we take the body and put it right here
.
All right.
We're replacing the data really.
Really nice undefinable there and create it.
That would be nice if we write down the object first
.
All right.
I don't know if you remember a couple years ago I told you that that I needed my coffee actually that
was a lot of lectures ago.
I still haven't got it.
All right.
I sent a family member to give me some coffee and they haven't come back anyways.
You see is working pretty good.
The next thing for us to do would be to work on the reply.
This is the comment and we've got to work on replies are-I replies is going to be nasty like this one
.
So we got a nice one of these guys here and then we placed it data.
All right.
That would be the next step for that.
So that way we can see the replies.
But we also have to do some javascript or Jay Querrey here because it would be nice to have a little
button right to click that way we can show the nets get short form instead of having to show all the
time because we can have 100 replies here.
When you want to show 100 forms on this we need it right.
All right.
Let's go to the next lecture.
See you in the next lecture.
Take care.